[DOCS] Combo version of ILM docs. (#57909)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/ilm/set-up-lifecycle-policy.asciidoc

[[ilm-create-policy]]
=== Create lifecycle policy

To create lifecycle policies through {kib} Management
go to **Management > Elasticsearch > Index Lifecycle Policies**.

> image:images/ilm/create-policy.png[]

Reviewer: screenshot role?

<1> Roll over the index when it reaches 25GB in size
<2> Delete the index 30 days after rollover
====

[discrete]
[[apply-policy-template]]
=== Apply lifecycle policy with an index template

To use a policy that triggers the rollover action, 
you need to configure the policy in the index template used to create each new index.
You specify the name of the policy and the alias used to reference the rolling indices.

To use the Create template wizard to create a template from {kib} Management,
go to **Management > Elasticsearch > Index Management** and select the Index Templates view.

image:images/ilm/create-template-wizard.png[]

> The <<indices-put-template,put template API>> is invoked to add templates to a cluster.

Reviewer: Rewords passive voice. Previously, it wasn't clear if this was an extra step the user needed to take or if we're just showing what Kibana was doing under the hood.
```suggestion
The wizard invokes the <<indices-put-template,put template API>> to add templates to a cluster.
```

[[apply-policy-manually]]
=== Apply lifecycle policy manually

When you apply a policy to an existing index through {kib} Management,
or specify a policy when you create an index, 
{ilm-init} immediately starts managing the index.

IMPORTANT: Do not manually apply a policy that uses the rollover action.
Policies that use rollover must be applied by the <<apply-policy-template, index template>>. 
Otherwise, the policy is not carried forward when the rollover action creates a new index.

[%collapsible]
.API example

> ====

Reviewer: It's not immediately clear what this example is meant to demonstrate.
It made sense with the previous text but not with the current text.
